Come with me, I've been bothering too much recently
A little confused
Okay, help! Help! Okay
Stop hahaha don't force me to get used to it, help
Oops girl
Why are you running after drinking half of the wine?
Hey, everyone said they don't drink anymore
You are still so entangled
It's not suitable, you have the final say whether it's suitable or not
Tell you to get out of here if you know
Don't disturb our Yaxing.
The gangsters in your building are too arrogant
I am an international friend
Just because you are a Dongying girl
Our brothers are working hard, hahaha.
Say it again
If I don't get out
I'll buy you two more drinks, I don't know how to lift you
Hey man, you have two beautiful women alone
Let's make it inappropriate for our brothers to play singles
Hahaha brother
Let me advise you.
Don't do anything beyond your ability
Otherwise, how he would die would be beyond his ability
Just your ability
You're not qualified to say this to me yet